space=views/lighttable/select toggle image
comma;shift=views/lighttable/toggle culling zoom mode
minus;ctrl=views/lighttable/zoom out
minus;alt=views/lighttable/zoom min
0=views/thumbtable/rating
1=views/thumbtable/rating;one
2=views/thumbtable/rating;two
3=views/thumbtable/rating;three
4=views/thumbtable/rating;four
5=views/thumbtable/rating;five
equal;shift;ctrl=views/lighttable/zoom in
equal;shift;alt=views/lighttable/zoom max
bracketleft=lib/timeline/start selection
bracketright=lib/timeline/stop selection
a;ctrl=lib/select/select all
a;shift;ctrl=lib/select/select none
b=global/panels/collapsing controls
b;shift;ctrl=global/panels/bottom
c;ctrl=lib/copy_history/copy
c;shift;ctrl=lib/copy_history/copy parts
d=global/switch views/darkroom
d;ctrl=lib/image/duplicate
e;ctrl=lib/export/export
f=views/lighttable/toggle sticky preview mode
f;ctrl=global/panels/filmstrip and timeline
f;shift;ctrl=global/toggle focus peaking
g;ctrl=lib/image/group
g;shift;ctrl=lib/image/ungroup
h=global/show accels window
h;ctrl=global/panels/header
i;ctrl=lib/select/invert selection
i;shift;ctrl=lib/import/copy & import
i;shift;ctrl;alt=global/reinitialise input devices
j;ctrl=lib/metadata_view/jump to film roll
k;ctrl=lib/recentcollect/jump back to previous collection
l=global/switch views/lighttable
l;shift;ctrl=global/panels/left
m=global/switch views/map
p=global/switch views/print
q;ctrl=global/quit
r=views/thumbtable/rating;reject
r;shift;ctrl=global/panels/right
s=global/switch views/slideshow
t=global/switch views/tethering
t;shift=global/toggle tooltip visibility
t;ctrl=lib/tagging/tag
t;shift;ctrl=global/panels/top
t;alt=lib/tagging/redo last tag
v;ctrl=lib/copy_history/paste
v;shift;ctrl=lib/copy_history/paste parts
w=views/lighttable/preview
w;ctrl=views/lighttable/preview;focus detection
x=views/lighttable/toggle culling mode
x;ctrl=views/lighttable/toggle culling dynamic mode
y;ctrl=views/lighttable/redo
z;ctrl=views/lighttable/undo
Tab=global/panels/all
Return=views/lighttable/select single image
Escape=views/lighttable/exit current layout
Home=views/lighttable/move/whole;previous
Left=views/lighttable/move/horizontal;previous
Up=views/lighttable/move/vertical;next
Right=views/lighttable/move/horizontal;next
Down=views/lighttable/move/vertical;previous
Page_Up=views/lighttable/move/page;next
Page_Down=views/lighttable/move/page;previous
End=views/lighttable/move/whole;next
F1=views/thumbtable/color label;red
F2=views/thumbtable/color label;yellow
F3=views/thumbtable/color label;green
F4=views/thumbtable/color label;blue
F5=views/thumbtable/color label;purple
F11=global/fullscreen
Delete=lib/image/remove from darktable
midi:B2=global/reinitialise input devices
midi:F#4=views/thumbtable/rating;one
midi:G4=views/thumbtable/rating;two
midi:G#4=views/thumbtable/rating;three
midi:A4=views/thumbtable/rating;four
midi:A#4=views/thumbtable/rating;five
midi:E6=lib/export/export
midi:D8=views/thumbtable/color label;yellow
None;midi:CC1=iop/colorzones/graph;*0.05
None;midi:CC2=iop/colorzones/graph;orange;*0.05
None;midi:CC3=iop/colorzones/graph;yellow;*0.05
None;midi:CC4=iop/colorzones/graph;green;*0.05
None;midi:CC5=iop/colorzones/graph;aqua;*0.05
None;midi:CC6=iop/colorzones/graph;blue;*0.05
None;midi:CC7=iop/colorzones/graph;purple;*0.05
None;midi:CC8=iop/colorzones/graph;magenta;*0.05
None;midi:CC9=iop/colorzones/graph;*0.05
None;midi:CC10=iop/colorzones/graph;orange;*0.05
None;midi:CC11=iop/colorzones/graph;yellow;*0.05
None;midi:CC12=iop/colorzones/graph;green;*0.05
None;midi:CC13=iop/colorzones/graph;aqua;*0.05
None;midi:CC14=iop/colorzones/graph;blue;*0.05
None;midi:CC15=iop/colorzones/graph;purple;*0.05
None;midi:CC16=iop/colorzones/graph;magenta;*0.05
None;midi:CC17=iop/colorzones/graph;edit;*0.05
None;midi:CC18=iop/colorzones/graph;orange;edit;*0.05
None;midi:CC19=iop/colorzones/graph;yellow;edit;*0.05
None;midi:CC20=iop/colorzones/graph;green;edit;*0.05
None;midi:CC21=iop/colorzones/graph;aqua;edit;*0.05
None;midi:CC22=iop/colorzones/graph;blue;edit;*0.05
None;midi:CC23=iop/colorzones/graph;purple;edit;*0.05
None;midi:CC24=iop/colorzones/graph;magenta;edit;*0.05
None;midi:CC33=iop/exposure/exposure;*0.05
None;midi:CC34=iop/toneequal/blacks;*0.05
None;midi:CC35=iop/toneequal/whites;*0.05
None;midi:CC36=iop/colisa/saturation;*0.05
None;midi:CC37=iop/colisa/brightness;*0.05
None;midi:CC38=iop/temperature/temperature;*0.05
None;midi:CC39=iop/temperature/tint;*0.05
None;midi:CC40=iop/shadhi/highlights;*0.05
None;midi:CC44=iop/shadhi/shadows;*0.05
None;midi:CC45=iop/hazeremoval/strength;*0.05
None;midi:CC46=iop/colisa/contrast;*0.05
None;midi:CC48=iop/clipping/angle;*0.1
space=views/darkroom/image forward
space=views/slideshow/start and stop
comma;shift=views/darkroom/decrease brush opacity
minus=views/slideshow/speed up
minus;ctrl=views/darkroom/zoom out
period;shift=views/darkroom/increase brush opacity
1;alt=views/darkroom/zoom close-up
2;alt=views/darkroom/zoom fill
3;alt=views/darkroom/zoom fit
equal;shift=views/slideshow/slow down
equal;shift;ctrl=views/darkroom/zoom in
bracketleft=iop/flip/rotate 90 degrees CCW
bracketleft;shift=views/darkroom/decrease brush hardness
bracketright=iop/flip/rotate 90 degrees CW
bracketright;shift=views/darkroom/increase brush hardness
a=views/darkroom/allow to pan & zoom while editing masks
a;ctrl=views/thumbtable/select all
a;shift;ctrl=views/thumbtable/select none
b;ctrl=views/darkroom/color assessment
c;ctrl=views/thumbtable/copy history
c;shift;ctrl=views/thumbtable/copy history parts
d;ctrl=views/thumbtable/duplicate image
d;shift;ctrl=views/thumbtable/duplicate image virgin
g=views/darkroom/guide lines/toggle
g;ctrl=views/darkroom/gamut check
h;shift;ctrl=views/darkroom/histogram/hide histogram
h;shift;ctrl=views/tethering/hide histogram
i;ctrl=views/thumbtable/invert selection
n;shift;ctrl=views/darkroom/hide navigation thumbnail
o=views/darkroom/overexposed/toggle
o;shift=views/darkroom/raw overexposed/toggle
o;ctrl=views/darkroom/cycle overlay colors
s;shift=lib/map_settings/thumbnail display
s;ctrl=views/darkroom/softproof
s;ctrl=lib/map_settings/filtered images
v=lib/live_view/toggle live view
v;ctrl=views/thumbtable/paste history
v;shift;ctrl=views/thumbtable/paste history parts
w=lib/live_view/zoom live view
w=views/darkroom/full preview
y;ctrl=views/darkroom/redo
y;ctrl=views/map/redo
z;ctrl=views/darkroom/undo
z;ctrl=views/map/undo
BackSpace=views/darkroom/image back
Return=iop/crop/commit
Escape=views/slideshow/exit slideshow
Left=views/slideshow/step back
Left=views/darkroom/move/horizontal;down
Up=views/slideshow/slow down
Up=views/darkroom/move/vertical;up
Right=views/slideshow/step forward
Right=views/darkroom/move/horizontal;up
Down=views/slideshow/speed up
Down=views/darkroom/move/vertical;down
KP_Add=views/slideshow/slow down
KP_Subtract=views/slideshow/speed up
midi:A-1=iop/colorzones/graph;reset
midi:A#-1=iop/colorzones/graph;orange;reset
midi:B-1=iop/colorzones/graph;yellow;reset
midi:C0=iop/colorzones/graph;green;reset
midi:C#0=iop/colorzones/graph;aqua;reset
midi:D0=iop/colorzones/graph;blue;reset
midi:D#0=iop/colorzones/graph;purple;reset
midi:E0=iop/colorzones/graph;magenta;reset
midi:C3=iop/crop
midi:F4=iop/blend/tools/toggle polarity of drawn mask
midi:E5=views/darkroom/move/vertical;up
midi:F5=views/darkroom/move/vertical;down
midi:F#5=views/darkroom/move/horizontal;down
midi:G5=views/darkroom/move/horizontal;up
midi:G#5=iop/filmic/preset/09 EV (low-key)
midi:A5=iop/filmic/preset/10 EV (indoors)
midi:A#5=iop/filmic/preset/11 EV (dim outdoors)
midi:B5=iop/filmic/preset/12 EV (outdoors)
midi:C6=iop/filmic/preset/13 EV (bright outdoors)
midi:C#6=iop/filmic/preset/14 EV (backlighting)
midi:D6=iop/filmic/preset/15 EV (sunset)
midi:D#6=iop/filmic/preset/16 EV (HDR)
midi:F6=views/darkroom/zoom out
midi:F#6=views/darkroom/zoom in
midi:G#6=views/thumbtable/copy history
midi:A6=views/thumbtable/paste history
midi:A#6=iop/blend/tools/display mask and-or color channel
midi:B6=views/darkroom/undo
midi:C7=views/darkroom/redo
midi:C#7=views/darkroom/second window
midi:D7=iop/colorzones/channel;hue
midi:D#7=iop/colorzones/channel;saturation
midi:E7=iop/colorzones/channel
midi:F7=iop/monochrome/preset/red filter
midi:F#7=lib/snapshots/take snapshot
midi:G7;scroll=views/darkroom/decrease brush hardness
midi:G#7;scroll=views/darkroom/decrease brush opacity
None;left=fallbacks/utility module
None;left;double=fallbacks/utility module;reset
None;right=fallbacks/utility module;presets
None;left=fallbacks/processing module;enable
None;left;long=fallbacks/processing module;focus
None;left;double=fallbacks/processing module;reset
None;right=fallbacks/processing module;presets
None;right;double=fallbacks/processing module;instance
None;left;double=fallbacks/value;reset
None;shift=fallbacks/value;*10
None;ctrl=fallbacks/value;*0
None;horizontal=fallbacks/value;*0
None;vertical=fallbacks/value;*10
None;vertical;down;left;double=fallbacks/value;bottom
None;vertical;up;left;double=fallbacks/value;top
None;right=fallbacks/toggle;right-toggle
None;ctrl=fallbacks/toggle;ctrl-toggle
None;long=fallbacks/toggle;right-toggle
None;left=fallbacks/slider;button
None;ctrl;left=fallbacks/slider;button;ctrl-toggle
None;shift;ctrl=fallbacks/slider;force;*10
None;vertical;right=fallbacks/slider;zoom
None;left=fallbacks/dropdown;button
None;left;double=fallbacks/dropdown;reset
None;ctrl;left=fallbacks/dropdown;button;ctrl-toggle
None;scroll=fallbacks/dropdown;*-1
None;vertical=fallbacks/dropdown;*-1
None;shift=fallbacks/contrast equalizer;reset
None;ctrl=fallbacks/contrast equalizer;bottom
None;right=fallbacks/button;right-activate
None;ctrl=fallbacks/button;ctrl-activate
None;long=fallbacks/button;right-activate
None;shift=fallbacks/move;select
